// Contains list of short tips used to be displayed in Mobile version
// one line one tip :)

Scrap your items to get Tech Scraps; reverse engineer them to gain PRINTING experience.
You can sell your items in the [PLAYER MARKET].
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your overall LEVEL; don't waste time doing research when you're capped.
HP regenerates 100% after each battle unless you're in a dungeon!
You always attack first; use it to your advantage!
You can repair your damaged equipped gear at the [WEAPON SMITH].
Your inventory has a storage limit; keep an eye on it or you will lose loot.
Shields regenerate after you defeat an enemy in a dungeon.
You can do reverse engineering at the [JOB HUB].
"Trash" quality equipment is still useful for getting Tech Scraps and gaining PRINTING experience.
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try sharing your dungeon in the chat!
Craft Pain Away to recover health between fights in dungeons.
In the chat terminal, type @ to mention another player.
Dungeons are a great source for AI Cores and Hash Processors.
SCAVENGE to find components for crafting ammo and medicine.
Printing always results in items the same level as your PRINTING RANK.
Beware of enemies described as tough, angry, or shielded.
Secret keys are needed to access higher level stations; search dungeons for their fragments!
There's a tutorial under the 'Profile' tab. Use it often!
Unequip upgrade modules when switching equipped gear to make them available for the new gear.
Gear and upgrades "of expansion" increase your inventory size!
Healing items such as Pain Away Spray heal your teammates as well!
BTC (bitcoin) in this game isn't redeemable; it's just in-game currency. :'(
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in chat for making this game!
You can store excess upgrade modules in High-Quality equipment to save inventory space.
Dying a lot? Level up your PRINTING RANK to your player level, then print new equipment!
Feeling faint? Take a break and get some food.
Don't forget to hydrate yourself!
Confused about the cache that just fell into your hand? Go to the [MOLECULAR 3D PRINTER] and make some gear.
Equipment cache comes in 6 rarities: Trash, Common, High Quality, Rare, Legendary, and Epic.
Did you know you can access the mobile version of the game from your computer? Go to cybercodeonline.com and shrink the browser window!
We also have a desktop version of this game at cybercodeonline.com!
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit.
Level up a skill at the [COMMERCIAL AREA] when you have time to spare.
Like the game? Be sure to leave a review on the iOS app store or the Google Play store!
Studies show that mobs with the "Agile" tag grant more EXP.
Not leveling as fast as you like? Try dungeon diving! (You get 2x more exp)
Always carry medical parts and ammo parts on you while in a dungeon.
Go ahead. Hand over that potato to our awesome dev Dexter Huang.
Look at this tips bar. We have some awesome tips for you.
It's customary to go clockwise in public dungeons.
Epic caches are extremely rare. Consider yourself lucky if you get one.
Low on BTC? Get some by cryptomining with Hash Processors at the [JOB HUB], or sell Hash Processors on the [MARKET].
Challenge dungeons always have a tough boss, so don't forget to take your friends with you when venturing into one of them.
Supporting the game by subscribing to a donation package allows you to have a custom profile picture in-game and/or a colored name border in the chat.
You can exchange Units you buy with rare global buffs such as AFK time accelerators, EXP, and BTC bonuses.
Higher SCAVENGE skill allows you to scavenge in higher level areas and get more loot.
The gear you get from the [MOLECULAR 3D PRINTER] is always based on your PRINTING RANK and not on your overall LEVEL, so always keep your PRINTING RANK up to date.
To keep the game fresh, it's impossible to gain EXP and loot from low level enemies or dungeons after a certain level.
Enemies with descriptions (i.e. Shielded / Mad / Angry) are tougher, but give better rewards!
Donations and membership do not grant any in-game advantage.
You will always recover to full health while not in a dungeon.
Have you looked at your inventory or thought to do any crafting yet? Because you should!
When you die, you'll lose some of your EXP and 10% of your BTC, so be careful!
Use primary weapons to overpower the street monsters and save ammo.
Don't forget to feed your pets!
Secret Key Fragments appear in both normal and challenge dungeons, while Experience Memories only appear in challenge dungeons.
If you are reading this while driving, PUT THE PHONE DOWN!
Please don't drive and play; the game can wait.
Don't chat and drive!
While Antimatter Charges aren't exactly rare, they aren't easy to come by either. One shouldn't use them in every single encounter.
You can't enter a dungeon that is more than 10 levels above your level. It's for your own good.
Not reading the tutorial will make one feel lost & confused.
Fight above your level for juicy EXP.
Game broken? Refresh or restart app.
AFK never ending? Refresh or restart app.
Tried refreshing or restarting the app?
Always check the market prices before putting something up for sale!
You need a lot of Tech Scraps to open a locked container.
Scrap your unused items to get Tech Scraps; you will need them to open locked containers.
Ask your friendly neighbor for prices of assorted items!
It's recommended to redeem dungeon quest rewards and memory experiences with the 180% xp buff. You'll gain almost double EXP!
After early game, Pain Aways become virtually useless, so feel free to recycle them for ~50% chance of a Medical Tech Part per Pain Away.
Are you at Death's door in the middle of the treasure room? Ask for support in the chat and direct them to your dungeon.
An unprepared dungeon explorer is a dead dungeon explorer.
If you can't afford to print a rare item cache, try checking out the [PLAYER MARKET] first and seek cheaper alternatives. You might find affordable items for your level.
Inventory management is crucial.
If you can survive one hit in a dungeon with a sizable health bar remaining, you can win by keeping yourself healed!
You can switch equipment during a dungeon.
You can craft healing items mid-dungeon to restock.
You can add friends in this game. Just click on their username and scroll down to 'add friend'.
Each mod can add up to 5% critical chance bonus.
You can obtain a steady source of Ai Cores and Hash Processors by defeating the boss in a challenge difficulty dungeon.
Are enemies taking too long to kill? Try increasing your critical chance and critical damage modifier.
Need some extra space in your inventory? Equip gear or modules with the "pocket" modifier.
Begging for Global Time Skips is generally frowned upon by the community, so please don't do it.
Doing challenge dungeons with other players is the fastest way to gain levels while having fun!
If your game is frozen or you can't move in a dungeon try closing and reopening the game.
You can enter dungeons already in progress to get quests and loot!
Complete quests for a good amount of BTC, EXP, and even items!
Consider yourself lucky if you get an Epic Cache.
Crit damage on upgrades can go above 10%!
Remember to max out your PRINTING RANK before printing your equipment.
Did you find a closed container? You can open it in [TERMINAL], but you'll need some Tech Scrap and BTC.
In order to craft a key to unlock the next area, you need to travel to all 3 sub-areas and get the key in each dungeon boss room.
Inventory full? Sell your non-essential items in the player market or to your local trader in chat!
If you feel your inventory is constantly full, now might be a good idea to consider that new backpack upgrade.
Being in a gang has the perks of accessing a few new AFK tasks, as well as the gang dungeon. Plus, playing with others just makes the game much better!
Remember to just enjoy the game and let everyone else do the same!
Want to be in a gang? You will have to be invited by someone. There is no application button.
Are your healing items healing for half of your max HP or less? Consider transitioning to the next tier of healing items.
Tough enemies deal more damage than normal enemies, so have your healing items at the ready.
There's a maximum of 4 enemies in a non-boss dungeon room.
While challenge dungeons take longer than normal ones and are harder, the boss in challenge dungeons gives a ludicrous amount of experience and loot.  
Epic caches cost an arm and a leg. If you are at a low level, try selling them thru auction in chat to boost your balance by a significant amount!
Since you can't send BTC to players directly, AI Cores or other items can replace BTC in direct trades with the gift function. Stock up when buying items from a trader directly.
Want to make sure everyone gets loot in a public dungeon? Make sure everyone deals at least 20% of the mob's max HP as damage.
In public dungeons, all loot is available to players inside. No need to worry about stealing loot!
Is an area locked even though you unlocked it with a key? You may be underleveled.
Look out for special events like AFK global time skips or cailbration boosts in Chat every now and then. You don't want to miss out on these!
Check the player market often to get an idea on the value of your inventory, and if you should buy or sell your items!
If you like CyberCodeOnline, consider suggesting new ideas, dungeon rooms, tips, translations, and more over at the github for the game! You can find it at Profile> Updates.
There is no pay to win aspect in CyberCodeOnline. Items bought through the Arasaka Unit Exchange benefit everyone, and the Cosmetic Cyberwear is purely cosmetic.
Gear that has a 100% or more chance to break in calibration needs the percentage lowered by using a buff in the Arasaka Unit Exchange. This benefits not only you, but everyone else playing.
Want to stop making the same mistakes as a beginner? Play more.
Want to be more efficient at dungeons after doing them for quite some time? Take a break.

// Experience, Leveling
Scrap your items to get Tech Scraps, then reverse engineer them to gain printing exp.
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your level; don't waste time doing crafting research when you're capped.
You can reverse engineer scraps at [JOB HUB] to gain printing exp.
"Trash" quality equipments are useful for getting tech scraps and printing exp.
Level up a skill at the [COMMERCIAL AREA] when you have time to spare.
Study shows that mobs with the "Agile" tag grants more exp.
Not leveling as fast as you'd like? Try dungeon diving! (You get 2x more exp)
The gear you get from the [MOLECULAR PRINTER] is always based on your Printing level and not on your overall one, so make sure you always keep your printing level up.
To keep the game fresh, it's impossible to gain EXP and loot from low level enemies or dungeons after a certain level.
Fight enemies and dungeons above your level for more juicy exp.
Wait until someone uses the 180% exp buff to redeem dungeon quest rewards and memory experiences to gain greater experience.
Doing challenge dungeons with other players is the fastest way to gain levels while having fun!
Complete quests for a good amount of Bitcoin and exp.
How to level up faster? Stay away from chat.
In order to craft a key to unlock the next area, you need to travel to all 3 sub-areas and get the key in each dungeon boss room.
Is an area locked even though you unlocked it with a key? You may be underleveled.

// Social, Chat, UI, Systems
In the chat terminal, you can press [Up Arrow] key to access the last message you send.
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try posting your Dungeon ID in the chat!
In the chat terminal, type @ to mention another player.
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in chat for making this game.
There's a tutorial under the 'Profile' tab.
You can access the mobile version of the game from your computer by going to cybercodeonline.com and shrinking the browser window!
We also have a desktop version of this game at cybercodeonline.com!
You can add friends in this game. Just click on their username and scroll down to Add to Friend List.
Begging for Global Time Skips is generally frowned upon by the community.
If your game is frozen or you can't move in a dungeon, try closing and reopening the game.
Game broken? Refresh or reload.
AFK never ending? Refresh or reload the game.
Tried refreshing or reloading the game?
Feel free to share unwanted gear.
Be nice to other players. :)
Inventory full? Sell your non-essential items in the player market or to your local trader in chat!
Being in a gang has the perks of accessing a few new AFK tasks, as well as the gang dungeon. Plus, playing with others just makes the game much better!
Want to be in a gang? You will have to be invited by someone. There is no application button. 
If you have a dungeon that you would like to leave, it is good etiquette to post an invite to chat before leaving, so that everyone can hop on by and loot the dungeon.
Epic caches cost an arm and a leg. If you are at a low level, try selling them thru auction in chat to boost your balance by a significant amount!
Since you can't send BTC to players directly, AI Cores and other items replace BTC in direct trades with the gift function. Stock up when buying items from a trader directly.
Look out for special events like AFK global time skips or cailbration boosts in Chat every now and then. You don't want to miss out on these!
Check the player market often to get an idea on the value of your inventory, and if you should buy or sell your items!
Gear that has a 100% or more chance to break in calibration needs the percentage lowered by using a buff in the Arasaka Unit Exchange. This benefits not only you, but everyone else playing.

// Combat, Enemies, Allies
HP goes back to full after each battle, unless you're in a dungeon!
You will always recover to full health while not in a dungeon.
You always attack first, so make good use of that advantage!
Shields regenerate after you defeat an enemy in the dungeon.
Craft Pain Away to be able to recover health between fights in dungeons.
Beware of enemies with extra descriptors such as tough, angry or shielded.
Enemies with descriptors (e.g., Shielded / Mad / Angry) are tougher, but they give better rewards!
Secret keys are needed to access higher level stations; search dungeons for their fragments!
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit.
Challenge dungeons always have a tough boss so don't forget to bring your friends with you when venturing in.
When you die, you'll lose some of your experience and 10% of your Bitcoins, so be careful!
Use only primary weapons to overpower street monsters to save ammo.
You can't enter a dungeon that is 10 levels above your level. It's for your own good.
If you can survive one hit in a dungeon with a sizable health bar remaining, you can win by keeping yourself healed!
Are you at Death's door in the middle of the treasure room? Ask for support in the chat and direct them to your dungeon!
Are enemies taking too long to kill? Try increasing your critical chance and critical damage modifier.
You can enter dungeons already in progress to get quests and loot!
Consider swapping to better healing items when the current ones you're using heal less than 50% of your health.
Don't forget to craft healing items before diving into dungeon!
Remember, CCO mantra is not "Hit, Hit, Die".
Are you healing items healing for half of your max HP or less? Consider transitioning to the next tier of healing items.
Tough enemies deal more damage than normal enemies, so have your healing items at the ready.
There's a maximum of 4 enemies in a non-boss dungeon room.
While challenge dungeons are harder than normal ones, the boss in challenge dungeons gives a ludicrous amount of experience and loot.
Want to make sure everyone gets loot in a public dungeon? Make sure everyone deals at least 20% of the mob's max HP as damage.
In public dungeons, everyone can get the loot. No need to worry about stealing loot!

// Misc, Fun, Purchases
Feeling faint? Stop playing and get some food.
Don't forget to hydrate yourself!
All the fancy coding making you dizzy? Try the mobile version of CCO.
Go ahead. Hand over that potato to our awesome dev Dexter Huang.
Look at this tips bar down here. We have some awesome tips for you.
It's customary to go clockwise in public dungeons.
Supporting the game by subscribing to a donation package allows you to have a custom profile picture in-game and/or a colored name border in the chat.
Donations and memberships grant no in-game advantages.
Don't forget to feed your pets!
Please don't drive and play; the game can wait.
Not reading the tutorial will make one feel lost & confused.
Like the game? Be sure to leave a review on the iOS store or the Google Play store!
You can exchange Units you buy with rare global buffs such as AFK time reduction and EXP and Bitcoin bonuses.
An unprepared dungeon explorer is a dead explorer.
Make sure to breathe while playing.
When you feel dizzy, stop playing and GO TO SLEEP!
Dying is bad for your health. (citation needed)
Enemies can hit hard, so make sure your guns hit harder.
You can only equip items equal to or below your level.
Remember, CCO mantra is not "Hit, Hit, Die".
Remember to just enjoy the game and let everyone else do the same!
If you like CyberCodeOnline, consider suggesting new ideas, dungeon rooms, tips, translations, and more over at the github for the game! You can find it at Profile> Updates.
There is no pay to win aspect in CyberCodeOnline. Items bought through the Arasaka Unit Exchange benefit everyone, and the Cosmetic Cyberwear is purely cosmetic.
Want to stop making the same mistakes as a beginner? Play more.
Want to be more efficient at doing dungeons after doing it for quite some time? Stop doing them and get some rest.
