// Contains list of short tips used to be displayed in WEB version
// One tip per line :)


// Equipment, Items, Crafting, Shops
You can sell your items at the Market Street [Player Market].
Your inventory has a storage limit! Keep an eye on it, as excess items will be lost!
Dungeons are a great source of AI Cores and Hash Processors.
Scavenge to find components for crafting ammo and medicine.
The level of the items you print are the same as your Printing rank.
Detach Upgrade Modules when switching equipped gear to make them available for new gear.
Gear and Upgrade Modules with the "Expansion" modifier increase your inventory size!
Some medicines, such as Pain Away Spray, heal your teammates as well!
Equipment caches come in 6 rarities: Trash, Common, High Quality, Rare, Legendary and Epic.
BTC in this game isn't redeemable. It's just in-game currency. :'(
You can store excess Upgrade Modules in stored equipment to save inventory space.
Enemies too tough? Print equipment at your level by ensuring your printing rank is the same as your player rank!
Curious about that cache you got? Go to the Molecular Printer and print it!
Always carry medical and ammo parts on you in case you need to make more supplies while in a dungeon.
Epic caches are extremely rare. Save them for when you're higher level!
Low on BTC? Mine some with Hash Processors at the Commercial Area [Job Hub]!
A higher Scavenge skill allows you to scavenge in higher-level stations and get more and better loot!
Key Fragments, which are needed to access higher-level areas, appear in both normal and challenge dungeons. Experience Memory shards, however, only appear in challenge dungeons.
Anti Matter Charges aren't exactly rare, but they aren't easy to come by either. Save them for tough encounters!
Always check the market prices before putting something up for sale!
Scrap unused items to get Tech Scraps. These can be used to open locked containers and craft backpack items.
The Automatic Recycler, available at the Gang Headquarters, yields more Tech Scrap per item than just scrapping them through the inventory.
If you need BTC, try selling unwanted items to the Weapon Smith. The "Bargaining" stat helps with this.
Lost BTC when you flatlined?  Store items or BTC in the [Bank Of Arasaka].
Inventory getting full? Consider selling, scrapping, or banking some of your items.
If you find a great item, lock it to prevent it from getting scrapped or sold accidentally.
Running out of inventory space? Visit [Lee's Trading Post] to craft a backpack or visit the marketplace to buy one.
Have any rare items you no longer use? Gift it to a lower-level player! It'll help them immensely!
The cost of upgrading slots in the bank's item vault increases exponentially! Upgrade only to what you need.
LRC is short for [Locked Rare Container].
GC is short for [Supply Crate (Gang)].
Did you know you can print and sell equipment caches you don't need on the Black Market? Find it on Market Street.
Your inventory is based on the number of different items you have - not their quantities.  Put your legendary caches in the bank to save space.


// Experience, Leveling
Skill ranks cannot exceed your level. Don't waste time doing tasks for capped skills!
You can reverse engineer Tech Scraps at the [Job Hub] to gain printing XP.
"Trash" quality equipment is useful for getting tech scraps and printing XP.
Want to level up a skill and got some time to spare? Pick up an odd job in the Commercial area.
Enemies with the "Agile" modifier grant more XP.
Not leveling as fast as you'd like? Hit a dungeon! You get twice the XP!
The gear you get from the [Molecular Printer] depends on your Printing level, so make sure to keep your Printing level as high as possible.
To keep the game fair and content-relevant, after a certain level, it's impossible to gain XP and loot from lower-leveled enemies or dungeons.
Fight enemies and dungeons above your level for more XP.
Calibrating gear makes it stronger, but calibrated gear cannot be gifted or sold until you use a [Factory Reset Shard] on it.
Each level of calibration on gear adds more stats to it than the last but is more likely to break the item.



// Social, Chat, UI, Systems
In the chat terminal, you can press the [Up Arrow] key to access the last message you sent.
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try posting your Dungeon ID in the chat!
In the chat terminal, type @ to mention another player.
Dont forget to thank people who helped you clear a dungeon or via chat. A simple thanks would make a difference!
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in chat for making this game.
Game broken? Try refreshing!
AFK never ending? Try refreshing!
Tried refreshing? If that doesn't work, restart the app/webpage!
Syn is short for [Synaptic Acceleration].


// Combat, Enemies, Allies
Your HP returns to full after each battle unless you're in a dungeon.
You always attack first. Make good use of that advantage!
Unlike attacking, using medicine will not end your turn.
Shields regenerate after you defeat an enemy in a dungeon.
Craft medicine to be able to recover health between fights in dungeons.
Enemies with descriptors (e.g., Shielded, Mad, Angry, Tough, Agile) are tougher, but give better rewards!
Keys are needed to access higher-level stations. Search dungeons for their fragments!
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit. Don't risk losing XP and BTC to save on some meds.
Challenge dungeons always have a tough boss, so don't forget to bring your friends with you when venturing in.
Dont get Flatlined! you'll lose some of your experience and 10% of your held BTC. Be careful!
You can't enter a dungeon that is 10 levels above your current one. It's for your own good, trust me!
Spamming buttons can lead to trouble, such as unintentional attacks or wasted meds. Keep calm and don't spam.
Your gang trait influences the amount of damage you take and give, depending on your enemy's gang. 


// Misc, Fun, Purchases
Feeling faint? Stop playing for a few minutes and get some food.
Don't forget to drink water!
Want to play on the go? Try the mobile version of CCO.
Go ahead. Hand our awesome dev Dexter Huang that potato.
Look at this tips bar down here. We have some awesome tips for you.
It's customary to go clockwise in public dungeons.
Supporting the game (by buying Units or subscribing) allows you to have a custom profile picture in game and/or a colored name border in the chat.
Donations and memberships grant no in-game advantages.
Don't forget to feed your pets!
Please don't drive and play! The game can wait.
Not reading the tutorial will make one feel lost and confused.
Looking for the tutorial?  It's in Profile -> Tutorial.
Looking for a gang? Ask if anyone is hiring in chat, or message a gang leader directly - worst they can say is "no."
Wanna help with the game? Everything is on GitHub, come and contribute!
Found an exploit? Report it directly to Dexter with email or Discord. Do not post it publicly!
Don't forget to go outside now and then!
Want to know what's new? Go to Profile --> Updates to see the changelog!
Bored while doing AFK Tasks? Check out the chat, some fun things happen there!
