// Contains list of short tips used to be displayed in Mobile version
// one line one tip :)

Scrap your items to get Tech Scraps; reverse engineer them to gain PRINTING experience.
You can sell your items in the [PLAYER MARKET].
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your overall LEVEL; don't waste time doing research when you're capped.
HP regenerates to full after each battle unless you're in a dungeon!
You always attack first; use it to your advantage!
You can repair your damaged equipped gear at the [WEAPON SMITH].
Your inventory has a storage limit; keep an eye on it or you will lose loot.
Shields regenerate after you defeat an enemy in a dungeon.
You can do reverse engineering at the [JOB HUB].
"Trash" quality equipment is still useful for getting Tech Scraps and gaining PRINTING experience.
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try sharing your dungeon in the chat!
Craft Pain Away to recover health between fights in dungeons.
In the chat terminal, type @ to mention another player.
Dungeons are a great source for AI Cores and Hash Processors.
SCAVENGE to find components for crafting ammo and medicine.
Printing always results in items the same level as your PRINTING RANK.
Beware of enemies described as Tough, Angry, Mad, Shielded, Marksman, or Berserker.
Secret keys are needed to access higher level stations; search dungeons for their fragments!
There's a tutorial under the 'Profile' tab. Use it often!
Unequip upgrade modules when switching equipped gear to make them available for the new gear.
Gear and upgrades "of expansion" increase your inventory size!
Healing items such as Pain Away Spray heal your teammates as well!
BTC (bitcoin) in this game isn't redeemable; it's just in-game currency. :'(
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in chat for making this game!
You can store excess upgrade modules in High-Quality equipment to save inventory space.
Dying a lot? Level up your PRINTING RANK to your player level, then print new equipment!
Feeling faint? Take a break and get some food.
Don't forget to hydrate yourself!
Confused about the cache that just fell into your hand? Go to the [MOLECULAR 3D PRINTER] and make some gear.
Equipment cache comes in 6 rarities: Trash, Common, High Quality, Rare, Legendary, and Epic.
Did you know you can access the mobile version of the game from your computer? Go to cybercodeonline.com and shrink the browser window!
We also have a desktop version of this game at cybercodeonline.com!
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit.
Level up a skill at the [COMMERCIAL AREA] when you have time to spare.
Like the game? Be sure to leave a review on the iOS app store or the Google Play store!
Studies show that mobs with the "Agile" tag grant more EXP.
Not leveling as fast as you like? Try dungeon diving! (You get 2x more exp)
Always carry medical parts and ammo parts on you while in a dungeon.
Go ahead. Hand over that potato to our awesome dev Dexter Huang.
Look at this tips bar. We have some awesome tips for you.
Epic caches are extremely rare. Consider yourself lucky if you get one.
Low on BTC? Get some by cryptomining with Hash Processors at the [JOB HUB], or sell Hash Processors on the [MARKET].
Challenge dungeons always have a tough boss, so don't forget to take your friends with you when venturing into one of them.
Supporting the game by subscribing to a donation package allows you to have a custom profile picture in-game and/or a colored name border in the chat.
You can exchange Units you buy with rare global buffs such as AFK time accelerators, EXP, and BTC bonuses.
Higher SCAVENGE skill allows you to scavenge in higher level areas and get more loot.
The gear you get from the [MOLECULAR 3D PRINTER] is always based on your PRINTING RANK and not on your overall LEVEL, so always keep your PRINTING RANK up to date.
To keep the game fresh, it's impossible to gain EXP and loot from enemies 3 gear levels or dungeons 10 levels below you.
Enemies with descriptions (i.e. Berserker / Mad / Angry) are tougher, but give better rewards!
Donations and membership do not grant any in-game advantage.
You will always recover to full health while not in a dungeon.
Have you looked at your inventory or thought to do any crafting yet? Because you should!
When you die, you'll lose some of your EXP and 10% of your BTC, so be careful!
Use primary weapons to overpower the street monsters and save ammo.
Don't forget to feed your pets!
Secret Key Fragments appear in both normal and challenge dungeons.
If you are reading this while driving, PUT THE PHONE DOWN!
Please don't drive and play; the game can wait.
Don't chat and drive!
While Antimatter Charges aren't exactly rare, they aren't easy to come by either. One shouldn't use them in every single encounter.
You can't enter a dungeon that is more than 13 levels above your level. It's for your own good.
Not reading the tutorial will make one feel lost & confused.
Fight above your level for juicy EXP.
Game broken? Refresh or restart app.
AFK never ending? Refresh or restart app.
Tried refreshing or restarting the app?
Always check the market prices before putting something up for sale!
You need a lot of Tech Scraps to open a locked container.
Scrap your unused items to get Tech Scraps; you will need them to open locked containers.
Ask your friendly neighbor for prices of assorted items!
It's recommended to redeem dungeon quest rewards and memory experiences with the 180% xp buff. You'll gain almost double EXP!
After early game, Pain Aways become virtually useless to heal with, so feel free to recycle them for ~50% chance of a Medical Tech Part per Pain Away.
Are you at Death's door in the middle of the treasure room? Ask for support in the chat and direct them to your dungeon.
An unprepared dungeon explorer is a dead dungeon explorer.
If you can't afford to print a certain quality of item cache, try checking out the [PLAYER MARKET] first and seek cheaper alternatives. You might find affordable items for your level.
Inventory management is crucial.
If you can survive one hit in a dungeon with at least 11% HP remaining, you can win by keeping yourself healed!
You can switch equipment during a dungeon.
You can craft healing items mid-dungeon to restock.
You can add friends in this game. Just click on their username and scroll down to 'add friend'.
Each mod can add up to 5% critical chance bonus.
You can obtain a steady source of Ai Cores and Hash Processors by defeating the boss in a challenge difficulty dungeon.
Are enemies taking too long to kill? Try increasing your critical chance and critical damage modifier.
Need some extra space in your inventory? Equip gear or modules with the "pocket" modifier.
Begging for Global Time Skips is generally frowned upon by the community, so please don't do it.
Doing challenge dungeons with other players is the fastest way to gain levels while having fun!
If your game is frozen or you can't move in a dungeon try closing and reopening the game.
You can enter dungeons already in progress to get quests and loot!
Complete quests for a good amount of BTC, EXP, and even items!
Consider yourself lucky if you get an Epic Cache.
Remember to max out your PRINTING RANK before printing your equipment.
Did you find a closed container? You can open it in [TERMINAL], but you'll need some Tech Scrap and BTC.
In order to craft a key to unlock the next area, you need to travel to all 3 sub-areas and get the key fragment in each dungeon boss room.
Inventory full? Sell your non-essential items in the player market or to your local trader in chat!
If you feel your inventory is constantly full, now might be a good idea to consider that new backpack upgrade.
Being in a gang has the perks of accessing a few new AFK tasks, as well as the gang dungeon. Plus, playing with others just makes the game much better!
Remember to just enjoy the game and let everyone else do the same!
Want to be in a gang? You will have to be invited by someone. There is no application button.
Are your healing items healing for half of your max HP or less? Consider transitioning to the next tier of healing items.
Tough enemies deal more damage than normal enemies, so have your healing items at the ready.
There's a maximum of 4 enemies in a non-boss dungeon room.
While challenge dungeons take longer than normal ones and are harder, the boss in challenge dungeons gives a ludicrous amount of experience and loot.  
Epic caches cost an arm and a leg. If you are lucky enough to get one at a low level, try selling them thru auction in chat to boost your balance by a significant amount!
Since you can't send BTC to players directly, AI Cores or other items can replace BTC in direct trades with the gift function. Stock up when buying items from a trader directly.
Want to make sure everyone gets loot in a public dungeon? Make sure everyone deals at least 20% of the mob's max HP as damage.
In public dungeons, all loot is available to players inside. No need to worry about stealing loot!
Is an area locked even though you unlocked it with a key? You may be underleveled.
Look out for special events like AFK global time skips or cailbration boosts in Chat every now and then. You don't want to miss out on these!
Check the player market often to get an idea on the value of your inventory, and if you should buy or sell your items!
If you like CyberCodeOnline, consider suggesting new ideas, dungeon rooms, tips, translations, and more over at the github for the game! You can find it at Profile> Updates.
There is no pay to win aspect in CyberCodeOnline. Items bought through the Arasaka Unit Exchange benefit everyone, and the Cosmetic Cyberwear is purely cosmetic.
Gear that has a 100% or more chance to break in calibration needs the percentage lowered by using a buff in the Arasaka Unit Exchange. This benefits not only you, but everyone else playing.
Want to stop making the same mistakes as a beginner? Play more.
Want to be more efficient at dungeons after doing them for quite some time? Take a break.
You can machine craft more Tech Scraps at the [GANG] via Automatic Recycler.
If you need BTC, try selling unwanted items to the Weaponsmith.  The "Bargaining" stat helps with this.
Inventory getting full?  Lost BTC when you flatlined?  Store items or BTC in the [BANK OF ARASAKA].
POCKETs are increasingly helpful the longer you play as you get more and more items clogging your inventory. Either do a cleanup of those items, or invest in a better backpack when necessary.
CRIT CHANCE and CRIT DAMAGE are sought-after modules as they help speed up the time to complete a dungeon by increasing your DPS.
BARGAIN is both useful for buying at decreased prices and selling at increased prices at NPC shops. Note: Does not work on the player market.
STUN and EVADE stack multiplicatively for a 52% chance to not get hit after attacking. (50.4% chance vs an AGILE enemy)

// Experience, Leveling
Scrap your items to get Tech Scraps, then reverse engineer them to gain printing exp.
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your level; don't waste time doing crafting research when you're capped.
You can reverse engineer scraps at [JOB HUB] to gain printing exp.
"Trash" quality equipments are useful for getting tech scraps and printing exp.
Level up a skill at the [COMMERCIAL AREA] when you have time to spare.
Study shows that mobs with the "Agile" tag grants more exp.
Not leveling as fast as you'd like? Try dungeon diving! (You get 2x more exp, 2.3x for gang dungeons)
The gear you get from the [MOLECULAR PRINTER] is always based on your Printing level and not on your overall one, so make sure you always keep your printing level up.
To keep the game fresh, it's impossible to gain EXP and loot from enemies or dungeons 10 levels below you.
Fight enemies and dungeons above your level for more juicy exp.
Wait until someone uses the 180% exp buff to redeem dungeon quest rewards to gain greater experience.
Doing challenge dungeons with other players is the fastest way to gain levels while having fun!
Complete quests for a good amount of Bitcoin and exp.
How to level up faster? Stay away from chat.
In order to craft a key to unlock the next area, you need to travel to all 3 sub-areas and get the key in each dungeon boss room.
Is an area locked even though you unlocked it with a key? You may be underleveled.
Only the first area (level 1-4 area) has no requirements when scavenging. As a complete beginner to the skill, you must start there and gain a few levels first.
Mining is an absolute pain to level, as it needs quite a hefty sum of money and AFK time. Maybe hold off on it until you reach a point where you have an abundance of BTC/AI/Hashes.
When levelling mining below level 200, it is best to wait for a 100% BTC boost, 80% Synapse, and a Frontal Core to minimize BTC losses from hash mining and maximize XP gained in that short timespan.
Past level 140, no new crafting recipes are unlocked for Medical Science. Just move on to levelling other skills as you need not level it any further by means of AFK.
Ammo Crafting is not as useful early on as it is cost-inefficient, but later on it becomes more useful as more ammo is crafted, notably antimatter charges to start using destructive weapons consistently.
Sometimes it is best to strategically hold off from levelling printing level as to be able to make upgrade modules for your lowest level gear.
When using AI cores, XP and BTC gained is based on your gear score. Make sure to always update your gear with gear as close to your level as possible for more XP!
Did someone pop a frontal cortex enhancement? Use the extra xp to grind dungeons. A synaptic accelerator? Maybe do some AFK tasks at a faster speed.
Want to make money quick? With a synaptic accelerator up, scavenge for med tech and recycle at a gang recycler for tech scrap to sell. This also helps level scavenging up for better med tech rates.
What's the simplest way to level faster? Don't die. Consistency is better than speed. Take your time to avoid any deaths before you find a rhythm that works for you, and then work on speed.
Early on dungeons and AI farming are about equal in efficiency. AI farming is death free, not as hands-on, but consumes a lot of money. Decide if you would rather choose money or automation.
You CANNOT upgrade the level of gear once you have already printed it. That gear is going to stay the same level forever until scrapped, so don't go using high level caches willy-nilly.

// Social, Chat, UI, Systems
Im Chat Terminal kannst du mit der [Pfeil hoch] Taste die letzte gesendete Nachricht ansehen.
Niemand online, der dir im Dungeon hilft? Poste deine Dungeon ID im Chat!
Du kannst @ im Chat Terminal tippen, um andere Spieler zu erwähnen.
Sende ein kleines Dankeschön an @DexterHuang für die Entwicklung dieses tollen Spiels.
Es gibt ein Tutorial unter 'Profil'.
Du kannst die mobile Version des Spiels verwenden, wenn du auf deinem Computer auf cybercodeonline.com gehst und das Browserfenster schmal ziehst!
Es gibt auch eine Desktop Version des Spiels auf cybercodeonline.com!
Du kannst andere Spieler als Freunde speichern. Klicke auf den Spielernamen, zeige das Profil an und scrolle nach unten zu "Als Freund hinzufügen".
Betteln um globale Zeitvorteile wird in der Community nicht gern gesehen.
Dein Spiel hängt fest, oder du kannst dich nicht mehr im Dungeon bewegen? Versuche, das Spiel zu schließen und neu zu starten.
Spiel kaputt? Aus- und Einschalten hilft.
AFK hängt fest? Neuladen des Spiels hilft.
Hast Du probiert, das Spiel neu zu starten?
Du hast alte Ausrüstung? Verschenke sie an Spieler, die sie gut gebrauchen können.
Sie nett zu anderen Spielern. :)
Inventar voll? Verkaufe Dinge, die du nicht brauchst, auf dem Spielermarkt oder im Chat.
Schließe dich einer Gang an. Du kannst einige neue AFK Funktionen nutzen, sowie Gang Dungeons. Außerdem macht mit anderen zusammen spielen einfach viel mehr Spaß!
Du willst in einer Gang sein? Jemand muss dich einladen, es gibt keine Funktion zum Bewerben. 
Wenn du einen Dungeon geschafft hast, ist es nett, im Chat andere Spieler einzuladen. Sie können dann Belohnungen einsammeln.
Epische Caches kosten ein Vermögen. Wenn du soviel Glück hast, in einem niedrigen Level einen solchen zu bekommen, versuche ihn zu verkaufen. Das kann helfen, deine Bitcoins wunderbar zu vermehren!
Du kannst keine Bitcoins an andere Spieler versenden. AI Kerne und andere Gegenstände kannst du dagegen handeln und verschenken. Kaufe und verwende einfach passende Gegenstände zum Handeln.
Halte Ausschau nach speziellen Vorteilen und Ereignissen im Chat, wie Kalibrierungsbschleuniger. Die solltest du nicht verpassen und nutzen!
Schaue regelmäßig in den Spielermarkt. Du bekommst eine Idee, was die Dinge in deinem Inventar wert sind. Kaufe und verkaufe Dinge zum besten Zeitpunkt!
Ausrüstung mit 100% Chance Zerstörung beim Kalibrieren braucht einen globalen Verstärker aus der Unit Exchange. Alternativ beinhalten seltene verschlossene Behälter passende Gegenstände.
Kalibrieren macht Ausrüstung stärker, sie kann dann aber nicht mehr verkauft oder verschenkt werden. Du musst sie auf Werkseinstellung zurücksetzen - dann ist die Kalibrierung verloren, aber sie kann wieder gehandelt und verschenkt werden.
Jede Stufe Kalibrierung macht den Gegenstand besser, allerdings steigt auch die Chance, den Gegenstand kaputt zu machen.
Amadon ist wie Schaufenster anschauen! Du kannst in Ruhe den Spielermarkt studieren, während du auf AFK Aufgaben wartest. Nur kaufen/verkaufen geht nicht.
Es ist verpönt, den Chat vollzumüllen, um die Chat Quest zu lösen. Du wirst allenfalls gemutet, und dann kannst du nicht mehr handeln. 
Pass auf - manche Spieler versuchen, billig an deine Gegenstände zu kommen. Versuche immer, andere Angebote einzuholen und entscheide weise.
Es ist in Ordnung, über RL Dinge im Chat zu sprechen. Respektiere aber bitte andere Meinungen und mäßige deine Sprache - CyberCodeOnline hat keine Altersbegrenzung.

// Combat, Enemies, Allies
HP erholen sich vollständig nach jedem Kampf, außer im Dungeon!
Du erholst dich immer vollständig, wenn du nicht in einem Dungeon bist.
Du attackierst immer zuerst, nutze diesen Vorteil weise!
Dein Schild regeneriert sich, wenn du einen Gegner im Dungeon besiegt hast.
Stelle "Pain Away" her oder kaufe es, damit du deine Gesundheit im Dungeon erholen kannst.
Beachte die Attribute der Gegner - zäh, wütend, wahnsinnig, agil, abgeschirmt, Scharfschütze oder Berserker. Sie sind stärker, geben aber mehr Belohnung!
Du brauchst geheime Schlüssel, um Stationen höherer Level zu betreten. Suche in Dungeons nach Schlüsselfragmenten!
Denk an das CCO Mantra: Treffer, Heilen, Treffer.
Herausfordernde Dungeons haben immer einen starken Boss - bring Freunde mit, um ihn zu besiegen.
Wenn du stirbst, verlierst du 10% deiner Erfahrung zum nächsten Level und 10% deiner Bitcoins, pass also auf! 
Wenn du unter 10% Fortschritt deiner Erfahrung zum nächsten Level stirbst, wirst Du ein Level verlieren. Pass auf, nicht zu sterben!
Verwende nur deine Primärwaffe gegen Straßenmonster, so sparst du Munition.
Du kannst keine Dungeons betreten, die mehr als 13 Level über deinem sind. Das ist nur zu deinem Besten.
Wenn du einen Treffer mit mindestens 11% deiner HP überlebst, kannst du gewinnen, wenn du dich die ganze Zeit heilst!
Du bist an der Grenze zum Tod im Boss-Raum? Bitte um Hilfe im Chat und weise den Weg zu dir!
Du brauchst zu lange, um einen Gegner zu besiegen? Erhöhe deine kritische Trefferchance und deinen kritischen Schaden.
Du kannst angefangene Dungeons betreten, um die Quests zu lösen und die Belohnungen einzusammeln.
Du solltest die nächste Klasse von Gegenständen zum Heilen verwenden, wenn deine aktuellen weniger als 50% deiner Gesundheit wiederherstellen.
Vergiss nicht, Gegenstände zum Heilen herzustellen, bevor du dich in einen einen Dungen stürzt!
Vergiss nicht, das CCO Mantra ist nicht "Treffer, Treffer, Tot".
Deine Gegenstände zum Heilen stellen weniger als die Hälfte deiner Gesundheit wieder her? Gehe zur nächsten Stufe von Heilgegenständen über.
Starke Gegner verursachen mehr Schaden als normale, besser du hältst Heilgegenstände bereit.
Es gibt maximal 4 Gegner in einem Nicht-Boss-Raum im Dungeon.
Boss Räume in herausfordernden oder Gang Dungeons beinhalten garantiert einen verschlossenen Behälter, sowie 6 Gegner. Der Boss droppt erstklassige Belohnungen.
Herausfordernde Dungeons sind schwerer als normal, dafür gibt es fantastische Belohnungen und jede Menge Erfahrung.
Du willst sichergehen, dass jeder Belohnungen in einem öffentlichen Dungeon bekommt? Pass auf, dass jeder Kämpfer mind. 20% Schaden am Gegner verursacht.
In öffentlichen Dungeons kann jeder Belohnungen einsammeln. Du wirst niemandem etwas wegnehmen!
Berserker Gegner haben keine Anzeige ihrer Verstärker. Du wirst nur sehr hohe HP und Schildwerte sehen.
Du wirst keine Erfahrung oder Belohnungen von Feinden bekommen, die 3 Ausrüstungslevel unter dir sind, bzw. von Dungeons 10 Level unter deinem. Sorry, du kannst nicht herumrennen und alle Gegner mit einem Schuss besiegen.
Betäuben und Ausweichen werden multiplikativ gestapelt für eine 52% Chance nicht getroffen zu werden. (50.4% Chance gegen einen agilen Feind)
Der Typ deiner Ausrüstung legt deinen gesamten Typ fest. Damit bestimmst du extra Schaden, den bestimmte Fraktionen von Gegnern verursachen. Versuche deine Ausrüstung zu wechseln, um einen anderen Typ zu bekommen und weniger Schaden zu erleiden!
Du willst eine Reihe Dungeons am Stück spielen? Hebe dir Quests auf, die dir Verstärker verschaffen. Du kannst diese Quests alle vorab verwenden, dann schaffst du die Dungeons schneller und brauchst weniger Heilung.
Die Obergrenze von 200% kritischer Schaden gilt für den zusätzlichen Schaden, nicht für den gesamten kritischen Schaden. Damit ergeben sich 220% maximaler kritischer Schaden.

// Misc, Fun, Purchases
Du fühlst dich schwach? Mach eine Pause und iss was.
Vergiss nicht, genug zu trinken!
Verwirrt dich das ganze Cybercoding? Probiere die mobile Version von CCO.
Na los. Schreib ein Danke an unseren großartigen Entwickler Dexter Huang.
Schau dir diese Tipps an. Wir haben ein paar exzellente Hinweise für dich.
Wenn du das Spiel mit einer Spende unterstützt, kannst du ein eigenes Profilbild einstellen, sowie eine eigene Farbe im Chat.
Spenden oder eine Mitgliedschaft beinhalten keine Vorteile im Spielverlauf.
Vergiss nicht, deine Haustiere zu füttern!
Bitte spiele nicht beim Fahren - das Spiel kann warten.
Wenn du das Tutorial nicht gelesen hast, wirst du dich verwirrt und verloren fühlen.
Du magst das Spiel? Hinterlasse eine Bewertung im Apple oder Google Play Store!
Du kannst Units verwenden, um seltene globale Verstärker zu aktivieren, wie AFK Zeitverkürzung, Erfahrungs- oder Bitcoin-Boni.
Ein unvorbereiteter Dungeon Entdecker ist ein toter Entdecker.
Vergiss nicht zu atmen beim Spielen.
Wenn du dich schlaff fühlst, geh schlafen!
Sterben ist schlecht für die Gesundheit. (Quelle unbekannt)
Der Feind schlägt hart zu. Sieh zu, dass deine Waffe noch härter zuschlägt.
Du kannst nur Ausrüstung mit deinem Level oder niedriger verwenden.
Vergiss nicht, das CCO Mantra ist nicht "Treffer, Treffer, Tot".
Bitte hab Spaß mit dem Spiel und lass alle anderen auch Spaß haben!
Wenn Du CyberCodeOnline magst, kannst du neue Ideen, Dungeon Räume, Tipps, Übersetzungen und mehr auf github beitragen!
Es gibt kein pay-to-win in CyberCodeOnline. Gegenstände, die du in der Arasaka Unit Exchange kaufst, helfen allen, und die kosmetische Cyberwear ist nur Dekoration.
Kosmetische Cyberwear erwirbst du fortlaufend, nur Prestige Käufe bleiben dauerhaft in deinem Account erhalten.
Du machst immer die gleichen Anfängerfehler? Spiel öfter.
Du hängst ewig in einem Dungeon fest? Hör auf und mach eine Pause.
Du suchst das Tutorial?  Es ist unter Profil -> Tutorial.
Wie kannst du Units bekommen, ohne sie zu kaufen? Gar nicht. Units sind die Währung die stets echtes Geld kosten. Dafür kommen sie allen zugute, oder sind rein kosmetisch.
