// Contains list of short tips used to be displayed in Mobile version
// one line one tip :)

// Uncategorized
You can sell your items in the [PLAYER MARKET].
Your inventory has a storage limit; keep an eye on it to avoid losing loot.
SCAVENGE to find components for crafting ammo and medicine.
Unequip upgrade modules when switching equipped gear to make them available for the new gear.
You can store excess upgrade modules in High Quality equipment to save inventory space.
Confused about the equipment cache you just found? Go to the [MOLECULAR 3D PRINTER] and make some gear.
Equipment caches come in 6 rarities: Trash, Common, High Quality, Rare, Legendary, and Epic.
Epic caches are extremely rare. Consider yourself incredibly lucky if you get one.
Low on BTC? Try scavenging for parts and sell or recycle them for profit!
Have you looked at your inventory or thought of doing any crafting yet? Because you should!
Always check the market prices before putting something up for sale!
Scrap your unused items to get Tech Scraps; you will need them to open locked containers and to trade for bags that increase your inventory.
After the early game, Pain Aways become virtually useless to heal with, so feel free to recycle them for a 50% chance of a Medical Tech Part per Pain Away.
If you can't afford to print a certain quality of equipment cache, try checking out the [PLAYER MARKET] first and seek cheaper alternatives. You might find affordable items for your level.
Inventory management is crucial.
You can obtain a steady source of AI Cores and Hash Processors by defeating the boss in a challenge difficulty dungeon.
Remember to max out your PRINTING RANK before printing your equipment.
Did you find a locked container? You can open it in [TERMINAL], but you'll need some Tech Scrap and BTC.
If your inventory is constantly full, now might be a good time to consider that new backpack upgrade.
You can machine craft more Tech Scraps at the [GANG] via Automatic Recycler.
If you need BTC, try selling unused or unwanted items to the Weaponsmith. The "BARGAIN" stat also helps increase the items' sell price.
Inventory getting full? Lost BTC when you flatlined? Store items or BTC in the [BANK OF ARASAKA].

// Experience, Leveling
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your level; don't waste time doing crafting research when the levels become the same.
You can reverse engineer scraps at [JOB HUB] to gain printing exp.
"Trash" quality equipment can be scrapped to get tech scraps, made as a way to gain printing exp, and increase gear score for AI farming.
Level up a skill at the [COMMERCIAL AREA] when you have time to spare.
Studies show that mobs with the "Agile" tag grant more exp.
Not leveling as fast as you'd like? Try dungeon diving! You get twice the EXP from dungeons and 2.3x for gang dungeons.
The gear you get from the [MOLECULAR PRINTER] is based on your Printing level and NOT your player level, so always keep your printing level up.
It's impossible to gain EXP and loot from enemies 3 gear levels or AI cores in areas 10 levels below you to keep the game fresh.
Fight enemies and dungeons above your level for more juicy exp.
Wait until someone uses the 180% EXP buff to redeem dungeon quest rewards to gain more experience.
Doing challenge dungeons with other players is the fastest way to gain levels while having fun!
Complete quests for some BTC, EXP, and even items or temporary buffs!
How to level up faster? Stay away from chat.
To craft a key to unlock the next area, you need to travel to all three sub-areas and get the key in each dungeon boss room.
Is an area locked even though you unlocked it with a key? You may be underleveled.
SCAVENGING or doing AFK tasks at [COMMERCIAL AREA] has little impact on your inventory space.
When your level is high, you might notice that quests do not significantly impact your BTC balance or XP. You can still do them for fun or temporary boosts.
Printing high quality caches is significantly more expensive than printing common and trash caches.
Only the first area (level 1-4 area) has no requirements when scavenging. As a complete beginner to the skill, you must start there and gain a few levels first.
Higher SCAVENGE skill allows you to scavenge in higher level areas and get more loot.
Mining is difficult to level, as it needs a large BTC and time investment with no immediate gain. Hold off on it until you reach at least level 400 or use gang supply crates for resources to level mining.
When leveling mining below level 400 using hashes, wait for the "trinity buff" — 100% Transaction Exploit, 80% Synaptic Acceleration, and a Frontal Cortex Enhancement to minimize BTC losses and maximize XP gained. You may also opt to wait for a global party for better XP gains than this.
Past level 150, no new crafting recipes are unlocked for Medical Science. Just move on to leveling other skills as you need not level it any further unless you are doing so to fill up your pentagon.
Ammo Crafting is not as useful early on as it is cost-inefficient but becomes better as more ammo is crafted, notably antimatter charges to start using destructive weapons consistently.
Sometimes it is best to strategically hold off from leveling your printing level so that you can make upgrade modules for your lowest leveled gear.
When using AI cores, XP and BTC gained are based on your gear score, regardless of rarity. While AI farming, get gear as close to your level as possible for more XP!
Did someone pop a Frontal Cortex Enhancement? Use the extra XP to grind dungeons. A Synaptic Accelerator? Maybe do some AFK tasks at a faster speed.
Want to make money quickly? With a Synaptic Accelerator up, scavenge for tech parts and recycle these parts at a gang recycler for tech scrap to sell, all while leveling scavenging up for higher tech part gains.
When scavenging with a Synaptic Accelerator up and people performing global skips constantly, only set the slider to 10x (safe option) or 11x (risky option), and not the maximum of 12x. This allows you to maximize the value of each skip.
What's the simplest way to level faster? Don't die. Consistency is better than speed. Take your time to avoid any deaths and find a rhythm that works for you before working on speed.
Early on, dungeons and AI farming are about equal in XP efficiency. AI farming is death-free, not as hands-on, but requires resources to start. Decide between money or automation.
You CANNOT upgrade the level of gear once you have already printed it. That gear will stay the same level forever until scrapped, so don't use high rarity caches carelessly.
You can use AI cores in locations with much higher level than you. Collect keys from dungeons to unlock them early.
The rarer the gear, the more levels it will last you. Save your rarer caches for later levels when leveling will take longer.
Dying a lot? Level up your PRINTING RANK to your player level, then print new equipment!
If you are trying to level Medical Science or Ammo Crafting without an immediate need for medicine or ammo, only do so when there is a Frontal Cortex Enhancement up for fast leveling.
Want to quickly level Medical Science or Ammo Crafting? Craft and scrap Pain Away and Energy Cells respectively, then repeat until your desired level.
You can only equip items equal to or below your level, and gear can only hold modules equal to or below their level.
Secret Key Fragments appear in dungeons excluding gang dungeons.

// Social, Chat, UI, Systems
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try posting your Dungeon ID in the chat!
Type @[player name here] in chat to mention another player.
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in the chat for making this game.
There's a tutorial under the 'Profile' tab.
We also have a desktop version of this game at cybercodeonline.com!
You can add friends in this game. Just tap on their username and scroll down to "Add to Friend List".
Begging for Global Time Skips is generally frowned upon by the community.
If your game is frozen or you can't move in a dungeon, try closing and reopening the game.
Game broken? Refresh or reload.
AFK never ending? Refresh or reload the game.
Tried refreshing or reloading the game?
Feel free to send unwanted gear to players of the correct level with worse gear.
Be nice to other players. :)
Inventory full? Sell your non-essential items in the player market or to a trader in chat!
Ask your friendly neighbor in chat for prices of assorted items!
Being in a gang has the perks of accessing a few new AFK tasks and the gang dungeon. Plus, playing with others makes the game much better!
Want to be in a gang? You will have to be invited by someone. There is no application button.
If you have a fully cleared dungeon that you would like to leave, it is good etiquette to post an invite to chat before leaving, so that everyone can go and loot the dungeon.
Epic caches cost an arm and a leg. If you are lucky enough to get one at a low level, try selling it to a high-level player in market chat to significantly boost your balance!
AI Cores and other items tend to replace BTC in direct trades despite BTC being tradable due to the stability of AI prices. Stock up when buying items from a trader directly.
Look out for special events such as a series of calibrations and skips — usually called trains — announced in chat. You don't want to miss out on these!
Check the player market often to get an idea of the value of your inventory, and if you should buy or sell your items!
Using a global buff purchasable in the Arasaka Unit Exchange lowers a gear's chance of breaking in calibration. Alteratively, locked containers with a rarity of rare or above have a variation that only affects you.
Calibrating gear makes it stronger, but calibrated gear cannot be gifted or sold until you use a [Factory Reset Shard] on it. Using a shard is not recommended unless doing so directly before a buyer confirms they will purchase your item.
Each level of calibration on gear adds more to the item than the last level but is more likely to break the item.
Calibrating gear results in only two outcomes: an increase in the gear's stats or the destruction of the gear.
You can use AI cores in locations with much higher level than you. Collect keys from dungeons to unlock them early.
Amadon is the game's version of window shopping! Glaze your eyes to the Players Market while waiting for your AFK task to finish! (buying not included)
DO NOT spam to complete the chat quest. It only clogs up chat and may get you muted, temporarily or permanently barring access for key functions like trading. 
Always be wary of people attempting to rip you off on your item by underpricing it. Remember to always check other offers first and choose the best one according to your judgment and situation.
It's fine to talk about real-world events in global chat but keep in mind to respect everyone's opinions and to avoid vulgarity as CyberCodeOnline is an all-ages community.
Items that can be scrapped and give resources should have the red button show SCRAP and not DESTROY.
If you use an auto clicker to spam the button for sending hearts to the skipper you may get shadowbanned. You have been warned.
You only need to click the heart button once each skip to enter the item raffle for sending hearts to the skipper.

// Equipment attributes
BARGAIN does not affect price in player-run stalls.
Some attributes are exclusive to certain kinds of equipment. For example, weapons have no EVADE.
Each attribute has a different maximum value. Total STUN caps at only 20%, while CRIT DAMAGE caps out at 200% extra damage (220% with base value included).
REGEN and ESCAPE do nothing in nearby enemies battles.
Equipment with higher quality does not always mean its attribute is better, but its primary stat is better at the same level.
BARGAIN equipment is not worth more when sold. Instead, when you wear BARGAIN equipment, anything you sell to NPC will be worth more, and anything you purchase will cost less.
STUN and EVADE stack multiplicatively for a maximum of a 52% chance of not getting hit after attacking. (50.4% chance vs an AGILE enemy)
CRIT CHANCE and CRIT DAMAGE are sought-after modules as they help speed up the time to complete a dungeon by increasing your DPS.
CRIT DAMAGE's 200% cap applies to the BONUS CRIT DAMAGE and not the base CRIT DAMAGE for a total of 220% when fully capped.
BARGAIN on your main gear set is worthless, since it is unessential for combat and you can just swap to a BARGAIN set when you need to purchase or sell items.
POCKETs are increasingly helpful the longer you play as you get more items clogging your inventory. Either do a cleanup of those items or invest in a better backpack when necessary.
Gear and upgrades "of expansion" increase your POCKET stat and thus inventory size!
Each percentage-based mod can have a bonus of up to 5%, with the exceptions of a maximum of 7% HEALING MULTIPLIER and 10% CRIT DAMAGE.
Need some extra space in your inventory? Equip gear or modules with the POCKET modifier.
HEALING MULTIPLIER allows you to use lower tiers of medicine or use your current medicine less. This is heavily useful if you want to save medicine and thus medical tech parts.
Calibrating gear significantly buffs the value of all attributes and is highly recommended on gear with good attributes attached to it.
To maximize your CRIT CHANCE using only a single piece of gear and no mods, roll for a CRIT CHANCE 25 weapon on an epic weapon and calibrate it to +10. Level 150-200+ advised before attempting.

// Combat, Enemies, Allies
Always carry heals and ammo on you while in a dungeon.
Your health goes back to full after each street battle or exiting a dungeon!
You always attack first, so make good use of that advantage!
Shields always regenerate after you or a teammate defeats an enemy regardless of any circumstances that occur in the fight.
Craft or buy healing items such as Pain Away to recover health between fights in dungeons.
Take note of enemies described as Tough, Angry, Mad, Agile, Shielded, Marksman, or Berserker. They are more powerful than unlabeled enemies but give better rewards!
Secret keys are needed to access higher level stations; search dungeons for their fragments!
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit...
Challenge dungeons always have a boss with high hitpoints, so don't forget to take your friends with you when venturing into one of them.
When you die, you'll lose 10% of the total experience to go to the next level and 10% of your held BTC, so be careful!
If you die at under 10% of the progress to the next level, you will go down a level. Be careful to not die!
You can't enter a dungeon that is 14 levels above your level. It's for your good.
Are you at Death's door in the middle of the treasure room? Ask for support in the chat and direct them to your dungeon!
Are enemies taking too long to kill? Try increasing your critical chance and critical damage modifier.
You can enter dungeons already in progress to get quests and loot!
Consider swapping to better healing items when each one currently heals for less than 50% of your health.
Don't forget to craft healing items before diving into the dungeon!
Tough enemies deal more damage than normal enemies, so have your healing items at the ready.
There is a maximum of 4 enemies in a non-boss dungeon room.
Boss rooms in challenge and gang dungeons have a guaranteed locked container, a boss that drops massive loot, and a capacity of 6 enemies.
While challenge dungeons are harder than normal ones, the boss in challenge dungeons gives a ludicrous amount of experience and loot.
Want to make sure everyone gets loot in a public dungeon? Make sure everyone deals at least 20% of the mob's max HP as damage.
No more than 5 players can kill an enemy and get XP and loot, so keep your dungeon party at most this size and preferably have at most 4 members.
In public dungeons, everyone can get loot lying inside the dungeon room. No need to worry about any of it being stolen!
If you are annoyed by kill-stealing, it's time to try adding a password to your dungeons.
Angry and Mad enemies are quicker to kill than Tough, Marksman, Agile, or Shielded enemies.
You can join a dungeon without fighting anything. Use it to your advantage, including completing quests or taking keys.
DO NOT push your luck if you feel your health is just enough to take another hit. Losing 1 piece of medicine hurts less than doing your calculations wrong and losing 10% of a level.
If you press an attack button and the game lags, DO NOT SPAM ATTACK! Wait, refresh, or restart the game.
If you believe you clicked on an enemy but the game claims that "Nothing is found", DON'T CLICK "Go back", you should refresh the game.
Berserker Enemies do not have a tooltip for their buffs. Instead, you can only see it through higher than usual HP and Shield and the name of the enemy.
Preparing a burst of dungeon grinding? Try saving up quests that give buffs and use them all at once to do dungeons faster and consume less medicine.
You can switch equipment during a dungeon.
Dungeons are a great source of AI Cores and Hash Processors.
Some healing items such as Pain Away Spray heal all players in the fight, at the cost of healing less per person. However, they tend to produce lag and are usually discouraged in dungeons.
Opening boxes in dungeons is advised when you defeat all enemies in a room. In some of these boxes, there will be a Techno Thief with absurdly good rewards upon killing it.
The boss has around 20 times the HP of a regular enemy, but their damage output per turn is unchanged by the modifier of being a boss. Because of this, the CCO mantra of Hit, Heal, Hit, Heal,... still applies, just with a longer repetition time.
Enemies do not do any actions while healing, and only attack right after an attack of your own. Use this fact to heal right after an enemy hits you.

// Misc, Fun, Purchases
Feeling faint? Take a break and get some food.
Don't forget to hydrate yourself!
Go ahead. Hand over that potato to our awesome dev Dexter Huang.
Look at this tips bar down here. We have some awesome tips for you.
Supporting the game by subscribing to a donation package allows you to have a custom profile picture in-game and/or a colored name border in the chat.
Donations and memberships grant no in-game advantages.
Don't forget to feed your pets!
Please don't drive and play; the game can wait.
Not reading the tutorial will make one feel lost & confused.
Like the game? Be sure to leave a review on the iOS store or the Google Play store!
You can exchange Units you buy with rare global buffs such as AFK time accelerators, EXP, and BTC bonuses.
An unprepared dungeon explorer is a dead dungeon explorer.
Make sure to breathe while playing.
When you feel dizzy, stop playing and GO TO SLEEP!
Dying is bad for your health. [citation needed]
Enemies can hit hard, so make sure your guns hit harder.
Remember, the CCO mantra is not "Hit, Hit, Die".
Remember to just enjoy the game and let everyone else do the same!
If you like CyberCodeOnline, consider suggesting new ideas, dungeon rooms, tips, translations, and more over at the GitHub repository for the game! You can find it at Profile> Updates.
There is no pay-to-win aspect in CyberCodeOnline. Items bought through the Arasaka Unit Exchange benefit everyone, and Cosmetic Cyberwear is purely cosmetic as the name would suggest.
Want to stop making the same mistakes as a beginner? Play more.
Want to be more efficient at doing dungeons after doing it for quite some time? Stop doing them and get some rest.
Most Cosmetic Cyberwear costs a recurring amount of real-world money, except for Prestige and a few others, instead lasting for a lifetime.
How can you get units aside from paying? Simple, you can't. Units are a currency that will always cost real-world money but everything purchasable with it is a global effect or cosmetic.
Buying units through the web browser version of the game at cybercodeonline.com and paying using PayPal is the best bang for your buck, giving 10% more units to all purchases.
If you are reading this while driving, PUT THE PHONE DOWN!
Don't chat and drive!
Did you know you can access the mobile version of the game from your computer? Go to cybercodeonline.com and shrink the browser window!
BTC in this game isn't redeemable; it's just in-game currency. :'( 
